# Decision-Tree

# Introduction

Over time, a large number of methods for data analysis have been developed, which are mainly based on statistical techniques. However, as the information stored grows considerably, traditional statistical methods have begun to face problems of efficiency and scalability. Since most of this information is historical and comes from various sources, the imminent need to seek alternative methods for the analysis of this type of data seems clear, and from them, to be able to obtain relevant and non-explicit information. In most cases, the analysis and interpretation of the data is done manually, that is, the specialist analyzes and prepares a report or hypothesis that reflects the trends or patterns of the same, in order to present his conclusions and from They can make important and meaningful decisions. As can be seen, this process is slow, expensive and highly subjective; in fact, manual analysis is impractical in situations where the volume of data grows exponentially, since the large amount of data exceeds the human capacity to understand it without the help of a suitable tool. Therefore, in most cases, important decisions are made not from the data, but from the intuition and experience of the experts, since they lack suitable tools to support them.
Decision trees are a classification model used in artificial intelligence, whose main characteristic is its visual contribution to decision making.ID3, Iterative Dichotomiser 3 is a decision tree learning algorithm used to classify decisions. objects with the iterative inductive approach. In this algorithm the top-down approach is used. The top node is called the root node and the others are leaf nodes. So it is a traversal from the root node to the leaf nodes. Each node requires some test on the attributes that decide the level of the leaf nodes. These decision trees are mainly used for decision making[1].
